README.md, before:

<!-- Improved compatibility of back to top link: See: https://github.com/othneildrew/Best-README-Template/pull/73 -->

<a name="readme-top"></a>

<!--
*** Thanks for checking out the Best-README-Template. If you have a suggestion
*** that would make this better, please fork the repo and create a pull request
*** or simply open an issue with the tag "enhancement".
*** Don't forget to give the project a star!
*** Thanks again! Now go create something AMAZING! :D
-->

<!-- PROJECT SHIELDS -->
<!--
*** I'm using markdown "reference style" links for readability.
*** Reference links are enclosed in brackets [ ] instead of parentheses ( ).
*** See the bottom of this document for the declaration of the reference variables
*** for contributors-url, forks-url, etc. This is an optional, concise syntax you may use.
*** https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/#reference-style-links
-->

[![LinkedIn][linkedin-shield]][linkedin-url]
[![Contributors][contributors-shield]][contributors-url]
[![Forks][forks-shield]][forks-url]
[![Stargazers][stars-shield]][stars-url]
[![Issues][issues-shield]][issues-url]

<!-- PROJECT LOGO -->
<br />
<div align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/shavinski/liftLog">
    <img src="readmeImages/logo.png" alt="Logo" width="80" height="80">
  </a>

<h3 align="center">Lift Log Application</h3>

  <p align="center">
    Lift Log is your ultimate workout companion, designed to help you effortlessly track your fitness journey and achieve your goals. Whether you're a seasoned athlete or just starting your fitness adventure, Lift Log offers a user-friendly interface and a suite of features to enhance your workout experience.
    <br />
    <a href="https://github.com/shavinski/liftLog"><strong>Explore the docs »</strong></a>
    <br />
    <br />
    <a href="https://github.com/shavinski/liftLog">View Demo</a>
    ·
    <a href="https://github.com/shavinski/liftLog/issues/new?labels=bug&template=bug-report---.md">Report Bug</a>
    ·
    <a href="https://github.com/shavinski/liftLog/issues/new?labels=enhancement&template=feature-request---.md">Request Feature</a>
  </p>
</div>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->
<details>
  <summary>Table of Contents</summary>
  <ol>
    <li>
      <a href="#about-the-project">About The Project</a>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="#built-with">Built With</a></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="#getting-started">Getting Started</a>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="#prerequisites">Prerequisites</a></li>
        <li><a href="#installation">Installation</a></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li><a href="#usage">Usage</a></li>
    <li><a href="#roadmap">Roadmap</a></li>
    <li><a href="#contributing">Contributing</a></li>
    <li><a href="#license">License</a></li>
    <li><a href="#contact">Contact</a></li>
    <li><a href="#acknowledgments">Acknowledgments</a></li>
  </ol>
</details>

<!-- ABOUT THE PROJECT -->

## About The Project

[![Product Name Screen Shot][product-screenshot]](https://example.com)

Here's a blank template to get started: To avoid retyping too much info. Do a search and replace with your text editor for the following: `shavinski`, `liftLog`, `twitter_handle`, `jakob-shavinski`, `shavinski.jakob@gmail.com_client`, `shavinski.jakob@gmail.com`, `Lift Log`, `project_description`

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

### Frontend Built With

* [![Typescript][Typescript]][Typescript-url]
* [![React][React.js]][React-url]
* [![Tailwind][Tailwind]][Tailwind-url]
* [![Vite][Vite]][Vite-url]
* [![Jest][Jest]][Jest-url]

### Backend Built With
* [![Typescript][Typescript]][Typescript-url]
* [![Node][Node]][Node-url]
* [![Express][Express]][Express-url]
* [![Postgres][Postgres]][Postgres-url]
* [![Jest][Jest]][Jest-url]

### My Package Manager 
* [![NPM][NPM]][NPM-url]


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## Getting Started

This is an example of how you may give instructions on setting up your project locally.
To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

### Prerequisites

This is an example of how to list things you need to use the software and how to install them.

- npm
  ```sh
  npm install npm@latest -g
  ```

### Installation

1. Get a free API Key at [https://example.com](https://example.com)
2. Clone the repo
   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/shavinski/liftLog.git
   ```
3. Install NPM packages
   ```sh
   npm install
   ```
4. Enter your API in `config.js`
   ```js
   const API_KEY = "ENTER YOUR API";
   ```

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- USAGE EXAMPLES -->

## Usage

Use this space to show useful examples of how a project can be used. Additional screenshots, code examples and demos work well in this space. You may also link to more resources.

_For more examples, please refer to the [Documentation](https://example.com)_

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- ROADMAP -->

## Roadmap

- [ ] Create Log In/ Sign up functionality
  - [x] Users can sign up and create an account
  - [ ] Users can log into an exisiting account  
- [ ] Gym Program Creation   
  - [ ] Users can create their own workouts with titles
  - [ ] Users can put in their exerices in their workout programs
  - [ ] Users can add the sets and exercises
  - [ ] Users can add the current weight they are lifting
  - [ ] User should be able to create, update and delete different programs 

See the [open issues](https://github.com/shavinski/liftLog/issues) for a full list of proposed features (and known issues).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->

## Contributing

Contributions are what make the open source community such an amazing place to learn, inspire, and create. Any contributions you make are **greatly appreciated**.

If you have a suggestion that would make this better, please fork the repo and create a pull request. You can also simply open an issue with the tag "enhancement".
Don't forget to give the project a star! Thanks again!

1. Fork the Project
2. Create your Feature Branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`)
3. Commit your Changes (`git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`)
4. Push to the Branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LICENSE -->

## License

Distributed under the MIT License. See `LICENSE.txt` for more information.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- CONTACT -->

## Contact

Jakob Shavinski - shavinski.jakob@gmail.com

Project Link: [https://github.com/shavinski/liftLog](https://github.com/shavinski/liftLog)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGMENTS -->

## Acknowledgments

- []()
- []()
- []()

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- MARKDOWN LINKS & IMAGES -->
<!-- https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/#reference-style-links -->

[contributors-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/shavinski/liftLog.svg?style=for-the-badge
[contributors-url]: https://github.com/shavinski/liftLog/graphs/contributors

[forks-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/forks/shavinski/liftLog.svg?style=for-the-badge
[forks-url]: https://github.com/shavinski/liftLog/network/members

[stars-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/shavinski/liftLog.svg?style=for-the-badge
[stars-url]: https://github.com/shavinski/liftLog/stargazers

[issues-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/issues/shavinski/liftLog.svg?style=for-the-badge
[issues-url]: https://github.com/shavinski/liftLog/issues


[linkedin-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/linkedin-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white
[linkedin-url]: https://linkedin.com/in/jakob-shavinski

[product-screenshot]: readmeImages/placeholder.jpg


<!-- Coding languages badges -->
[Typescript]: https://img.shields.io/badge/typescript-%23007ACC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white
[Typescript-url]: https://www.typescriptlang.org/

[React.js]: https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB
[React-url]: https://reactjs.org/

[Tailwind]: https://img.shields.io/badge/tailwindcss-%2338B2AC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white
[Tailwind-url]: https://tailwindcss.com/

[Vite]: https://img.shields.io/badge/vite-%23646CFF.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=vite&logoColor=white
[Vite-url]: https://vitejs.dev/

[Jest]: https://img.shields.io/badge/-jest-%23C21325?style=for-the-badge&logo=jest&logoColor=white
[Jest-url]: https://jestjs.io/

[Node]: https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js-6DA55F?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white
[Node-url]: https://nodejs.org/en

[Express]: https://img.shields.io/badge/express.js-%23404d59.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=express&logoColor=%2361DAFB
[Express-url]: https://expressjs.com/

[Postgres]: https://img.shields.io/badge/postgres-%23316192.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white
[Postgres-url]: https://www.postgresql.org/

[NPM]: https://img.shields.io/badge/NPM-%23CB3837.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=npm&logoColor=white
[NPM-url]: https://www.npmjs.com/

Commit message:

Update README.md include article links

README.md, after:

<!-- Improved compatibility of back to top link: See: https://github.com/othneildrew/Best-README-Template/pull/73 -->

<a name="readme-top"></a>

<!--
*** Thanks for checking out the Best-README-Template. If you have a suggestion
*** that would make this better, please fork the repo and create a pull request
*** or simply open an issue with the tag "enhancement".
*** Don't forget to give the project a star!
*** Thanks again! Now go create something AMAZING! :D
-->

<!-- PROJECT SHIELDS -->
<!--
*** I'm using markdown "reference style" links for readability.
*** Reference links are enclosed in brackets [ ] instead of parentheses ( ).
*** See the bottom of this document for the declaration of the reference variables
*** for contributors-url, forks-url, etc. This is an optional, concise syntax you may use.
*** https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/#reference-style-links
-->

[![LinkedIn][linkedin-shield]][linkedin-url]
[![Contributors][contributors-shield]][contributors-url]
[![Forks][forks-shield]][forks-url]
[![Stargazers][stars-shield]][stars-url]
[![Issues][issues-shield]][issues-url]

<!-- PROJECT LOGO -->
<br />
<div align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/shavinski/liftLog">
    <img src="readmeImages/logo.png" alt="Logo" width="80" height="80">
  </a>

<h3 align="center">Lift Log Application</h3>

  <p align="center">
    Lift Log is your ultimate workout companion, designed to help you effortlessly track your fitness journey and achieve your goals. Whether you're a seasoned athlete or just starting your fitness adventure, Lift Log offers a user-friendly interface and a suite of features to enhance your workout experience.
    <br />
    <a href="https://github.com/shavinski/liftLog"><strong>Explore the docs »</strong></a>
    <br />
    <br />
    <a href="https://github.com/shavinski/liftLog">View Demo</a>
    ·
    <a href="https://github.com/shavinski/liftLog/issues/new?labels=bug&template=bug-report---.md">Report Bug</a>
    ·
    <a href="https://github.com/shavinski/liftLog/issues/new?labels=enhancement&template=feature-request---.md">Request Feature</a>
  </p>
</div>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->
<details>
  <summary>Table of Contents</summary>
  <ol>
    <li>
      <a href="#about-the-project">About The Project</a>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="#built-with">Built With</a></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="#getting-started">Getting Started</a>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="#prerequisites">Prerequisites</a></li>
        <li><a href="#installation">Installation</a></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li><a href="#usage">Usage</a></li>
    <li><a href="#roadmap">Roadmap</a></li>
    <li><a href="#contributing">Contributing</a></li>
    <li><a href="#license">License</a></li>
    <li><a href="#contact">Contact</a></li>
    <li><a href="#acknowledgments">Acknowledgments</a></li>
  </ol>
</details>

<!-- ABOUT THE PROJECT -->

## About The Project

[![Product Name Screen Shot][product-screenshot]](https://example.com)

Here's a blank template to get started: To avoid retyping too much info. Do a search and replace with your text editor for the following: `shavinski`, `liftLog`, `twitter_handle`, `jakob-shavinski`, `shavinski.jakob@gmail.com_client`, `shavinski.jakob@gmail.com`, `Lift Log`, `project_description`

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

### Frontend Built With

* [![Typescript][Typescript]][Typescript-url]
* [![React][React.js]][React-url]
* [![Tailwind][Tailwind]][Tailwind-url]
* [![Vite][Vite]][Vite-url]
* [![Jest][Jest]][Jest-url]

### Backend Built With
* [![Typescript][Typescript]][Typescript-url]
* [![Node][Node]][Node-url]
* [![Express][Express]][Express-url]
* [![Postgres][Postgres]][Postgres-url]
* [![Jest][Jest]][Jest-url]

### My Package Manager 
* [![NPM][NPM]][NPM-url]


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## Getting Started

This is an example of how you may give instructions on setting up your project locally.
To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

### Prerequisites

This is an example of how to list things you need to use the software and how to install them.

- npm
  ```sh
  npm install npm@latest -g
  ```

### Installation

1. Get a free API Key at [https://example.com](https://example.com)
2. Clone the repo
   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/shavinski/liftLog.git
   ```
3. Install NPM packages
   ```sh
   npm install
   ```
4. Enter your API in `config.js`
   ```js
   const API_KEY = "ENTER YOUR API";
   ```

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- USAGE EXAMPLES -->

## Usage

Use this space to show useful examples of how a project can be used. Additional screenshots, code examples and demos work well in this space. You may also link to more resources.

_For more examples, please refer to the [Documentation](https://example.com)_

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- ROADMAP -->

## Roadmap

- [ ] Create Log In/ Sign up functionality
  - [x] Users can sign up and create an account
  - [ ] Users can log into an exisiting account  
- [ ] Gym Program Creation   
  - [ ] Users can create their own workouts with titles
  - [ ] Users can put in their exerices in their workout programs
  - [ ] Users can add the sets and exercises
  - [ ] Users can add the current weight they are lifting
  - [ ] User should be able to create, update and delete different programs 

See the [open issues](https://github.com/shavinski/liftLog/issues) for a full list of proposed features (and known issues).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->

## Contributing

Contributions are what make the open source community such an amazing place to learn, inspire, and create. Any contributions you make are **greatly appreciated**.

If you have a suggestion that would make this better, please fork the repo and create a pull request. You can also simply open an issue with the tag "enhancement".
Don't forget to give the project a star! Thanks again!

1. Fork the Project
2. Create your Feature Branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`)
3. Commit your Changes (`git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`)
4. Push to the Branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LICENSE -->

## License

Distributed under the MIT License. See `LICENSE.txt` for more information.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- CONTACT -->

## Contact

Jakob Shavinski - shavinski.jakob@gmail.com

Project Link: [https://github.com/shavinski/liftLog](https://github.com/shavinski/liftLog)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGMENTS -->

## Acknowledgments

- []()https://dev.to/qbentil/how-to-write-custom-error-handler-middleware-in-expressjs-using-javascript-29j1 
Article I read to assist in writing my errorHandler middleware. I decided to look into this issue because of an error I was getting, but I had no clue where it was occurring in my code. This will help me handle errors that I did not expect. 

- []()https://medium.com/@xiaominghu19922/proper-error-handling-in-express-server-with-typescript-8cd4ffb67188
The article I read helped me write custom errors, which will help me write more consistent errors on my back end. It will also allow my code to be more easily tested in the future.
- []()

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- MARKDOWN LINKS & IMAGES -->
<!-- https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/#reference-style-links -->

[contributors-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/shavinski/liftLog.svg?style=for-the-badge
[contributors-url]: https://github.com/shavinski/liftLog/graphs/contributors

[forks-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/forks/shavinski/liftLog.svg?style=for-the-badge
[forks-url]: https://github.com/shavinski/liftLog/network/members

[stars-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/shavinski/liftLog.svg?style=for-the-badge
[stars-url]: https://github.com/shavinski/liftLog/stargazers

[issues-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/issues/shavinski/liftLog.svg?style=for-the-badge
[issues-url]: https://github.com/shavinski/liftLog/issues


[linkedin-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/linkedin-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white
[linkedin-url]: https://linkedin.com/in/jakob-shavinski

[product-screenshot]: readmeImages/placeholder.jpg


<!-- Coding languages badges -->
[Typescript]: https://img.shields.io/badge/typescript-%23007ACC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white
[Typescript-url]: https://www.typescriptlang.org/

[React.js]: https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB
[React-url]: https://reactjs.org/

[Tailwind]: https://img.shields.io/badge/tailwindcss-%2338B2AC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white
[Tailwind-url]: https://tailwindcss.com/

[Vite]: https://img.shields.io/badge/vite-%23646CFF.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=vite&logoColor=white
[Vite-url]: https://vitejs.dev/

[Jest]: https://img.shields.io/badge/-jest-%23C21325?style=for-the-badge&logo=jest&logoColor=white
[Jest-url]: https://jestjs.io/

[Node]: https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js-6DA55F?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white
[Node-url]: https://nodejs.org/en

[Express]: https://img.shields.io/badge/express.js-%23404d59.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=express&logoColor=%2361DAFB
[Express-url]: https://expressjs.com/

[Postgres]: https://img.shields.io/badge/postgres-%23316192.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white
[Postgres-url]: https://www.postgresql.org/

[NPM]: https://img.shields.io/badge/NPM-%23CB3837.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=npm&logoColor=white
[NPM-url]: https://www.npmjs.com/
